<Proxy>
url.domain=352hosting.com deny
url.domain=4shared.com deny
url.domain=airvpn.org deny
url.domain=anydesk.com deny
url.domain=itunes.apple.com deny
url.domain=astrill.com deny
url.domain=atlasvpn.com deny
url.domain=bitbucket.org deny
url.domain=backblaze.com deny
url.domain=bluehost.com deny
url.domain=ixwebhosting.com deny
url.domain=ipage.com deny
url.domain=box.com deny
url.domain=boxcloud.com deny
url.domain=boxlocalhost.com deny
url.domain=box.net deny
url.domain=boxcdn.net deny
url.domain=box.org deny
url.domain=boxenterprise.net deny
url.domain=clearvpn.com deny
url.domain=cloudflare-ipfs.com deny
url.domain=pasted.co deny
url.domain=controlc.com deny
url.domain=dacloud.me deny
url.domain=paste.debian.net deny
url.domain=digitalocean.com deny
url.domain=digitaloceanspaces.com deny
url.domain=discord.com deny
url.domain=discordapp.com deny
url.domain=discord.gg deny
url.domain=dl.discordapp.net deny
url.domain=media.discordapp.net deny
url.domain=cdn.discordapp.com deny
url.domain=droidvpn.com deny
url.domain=dropsend.com deny
url.domain=dropbox.com deny
url.domain=dropboxstatic.com deny
url.domain=dropboxusercontent.com deny
url.domain=db.tt deny
url.domain=dropboxapi.com deny
url.domain=dropboxbusiness.com deny
url.domain=dropboxdocs.com deny
url.domain=dropboxforums.com deny
url.domain=dropboxforum.com deny
url.domain=dropboxinsiders.com deny
url.domain=dropboxmail.com deny
url.domain=dropboxpartners.com deny
url.domain=dropbox.zendesk.com deny
url.domain=getdropbox.com deny
url.domain=dropboxbusinessblog.nl deny
url.domain=dropboxbusinessblog.fr deny
url.domain=dropbox.co.uk deny
url.domain=dropboxbusinessblog.de deny
url.domain=dropbox.jp deny
url.domain=dropbox.com.au deny
url.domain=instructorledlearning.dropboxbusiness.com deny
url.domain=paper.dropbox.com deny
url.domain=dropmark.com deny
url.domain=dropmyemail.com deny
url.domain=evernote.com deny
url.domain=expressvpn.com deny
url.domain=messenger.com deny
url.domain=facebook.com/messages deny
url.domain=fastvpn.com deny
url.domain=spotflux.com deny
url.domain=file.io deny
url.domain=filefactory.com deny
url.domain=filemail.com deny
url.domain=filesanywhere.com deny
url.domain=filetransfer.io deny
url.domain=fleek.co deny
url.domain=gmx.com deny
url.domain=gmx.net deny
url.domain=gmx.ch deny
url.domain=gmx.at deny
url.domain=mail.google.com deny
url.domain=gmail.com deny
url.domain=googlemail.com deny
url.domain=mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com deny
url.domain=googledrive.com deny
url.domain=drive.google.com deny
url.domain=google.com/drive deny
url.domain=workspace.google.com/drive deny
url.domain=drive.usercontent.google.com deny
url.domain=heroku.com deny
url.domain=hosted.im deny
url.domain=hostinger.com deny
url.domain=hostinger.ru deny
url.domain=idrive.com deny
url.domain=idrive.com.sg deny
url.domain=icedrive.net deny
url.domain=icedrive.io deny
url.domain=swisstransfer.com deny
url.domain=instagram.com deny
url.domain=cdninstagram.com deny
url.domain=jumpcloud.com deny
url.domain=justpaste.it deny
url.domain=kat.cr deny
url.domain=kickass.to deny
url.domain=kickasstorrents.com deny
url.domain=linecorp.com deny
url.domain=line.me deny
url.domain=line.biz deny
url.domain=line-apps.com deny
url.domain=line.naver.jp deny
url.domain=line-scdn.net deny
url.domain=line-website.com deny
url.domain=linepluscorp.com deny
url.domain=mega.co.nz deny
url.domain=mega.nz deny
url.domain=mega.io deny
url.domain=mail.com deny
url.domain=mail.ru deny
url.domain=mediafire.com deny
url.domain=millenvpn.jp deny
url.domain=mullvad.net deny
url.domain=myqnapcloud.com deny
url.domain=myspace.com deny
url.domain=myworkdrive.com deny
url.domain=wanapath.net deny
url.domain=nordvpn.com deny
url.domain=notion.so deny
url.domain=ok.ru deny
url.domain=odnoklassniki.ru deny
url.domain=opera.com deny
url.domain=download3.operacdn.com deny
url.domain=sd-images.operacdn.com deny
url.domain=cashback-api-production.operacdn.com deny
url.domain=paste.sx deny
url.domain=pastecry.pt deny
url.domain=pastehtml.com deny
url.domain=pastebin.com deny
url.domain=kpaste.net deny
url.domain=plex.tv deny
url.domain=plustransfer.com deny
url.domain=ipswitch.com/moveit deny
url.domain=protonvpn.com deny
url.domain=billing.purevpn.com deny
url.domain=rarlab.com deny
url.domain=nic.ru deny
url.domain=remoteutilities.com deny
url.domain=remote.it deny
url.domain=remotedesktop.com deny
url.domain=remotepc.com deny
url.domain=sendtodropbox.com deny
url.domain=sendthisfile.com deny
url.domain=sendspace.com deny
url.domain=sharpcloud.com deny
url.domain=signal.org deny
url.domain=whispersystems.org deny
url.domain=slack.com deny
url.domain=slack-files.com deny
url.domain=slack-redir.net deny
url.domain=slack-imgs.com deny
url.domain=slack-core.com deny
url.domain=slack-msgs.com deny
url.domain=slack-edge.com deny
url.domain=slackhq.com deny
url.domain=slack.shop deny
url.domain=slackfrontiers.com deny
url.domain=slack.help deny
url.domain=slack.engineering deny
url.domain=slackatwork.com deny
url.domain=slackb.com deny
url.domain=screenhero.com deny
url.domain=strongvpn.com deny
url.domain=TLDWai.com deny
url.domain=teamviewer.com deny
url.domain=blizz.com deny
url.domain=monitis.com deny
url.domain=monitor.us deny
url.domain=telegram.org deny
url.domain=telegram.me deny
url.domain=telegram-cdn.org deny
url.domain=telesco.pe deny
url.domain=terabox.com deny
url.domain=thepiratebay.org deny
url.domain=thepiratebay.se deny
url.domain=thunderbird.net deny
url.domain=tiktok.com deny
url.domain=tiktokcdn.com deny
url.domain=tiktokv.com deny
url.domain=tiktoktv.com deny
url.domain=tiktokapis.com deny
url.domain=tiktokcdn-us.com deny
url.domain=tiktokd.org deny
url.domain=ttlivecdn.com deny
url.domain=ttoverseaus.net deny
url.domain=mon-va.byteoversea.com deny
url.domain=p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com deny
url.domain=mon.us.tiktokv.com deny
url.domain=lf16-tiktok-web.tiktokcdn-us.com deny
url.domain=abtest-sg-tiktok.byteoversea.com deny
url.domain=abtest-va-tiktok.byteoversea.com deny
url.domain=gts.byteoversea.net deny
url.domain=isnssdk.com deny
url.domain=lf1-ttcdn-tos.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=muscdn.com deny
url.domain=musemuse.cn deny
url.domain=musical.ly deny
url.domain=p1-tt-ipv6.byteimg.com deny
url.domain=p1-tt.byteimg.com deny
url.domain=p16-ad-sg.ibyteimg.com deny
url.domain=p16-tiktok-sg.ibyteimg.com deny
url.domain=p16-tiktok-sign-va-h2.ibyteimg.com deny
url.domain=p16-tiktok-va-h2.ibyteimg.com deny
url.domain=p16-tiktok-va.ibyteimg.com deny
url.domain=p16-va-tiktok.ibyteimg.com deny
url.domain=p26-tt.byteimg.com deny
url.domain=p3-tt-ipv6.byteimg.com deny
url.domain=p9-tt.byteimg.com deny
url.domain=pull-f3-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-f5-hs.flive.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-f5-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-f5-mus.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-flv-f1-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-flv-f6-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-flv-l1-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-flv-l1-mus.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-flv-l6-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-hls-l1-mus.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-l3-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-rtmp-f1-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-rtmp-f6-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-rtmp-l1-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-rtmp-l1-mus.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=pull-rtmp-l6-hs.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=quic-tiktok-core-proxy-i18n-gcpva.byteoversea.net deny
url.domain=quic-tiktok-proxy-i18n-gcpva.byteoversea.net deny
url.domain=sf1-ttcdn-tos.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=sf16-ttcdn-tos.ipstatp.com deny
url.domain=sf6-ttcdn-tos.pstatp.com deny
url.domain=sgsnssdk.com deny
url.domain=tiktok-lb-alisg.byteoversea.net deny
url.domain=tiktok-lb-maliva.byteoversea.net deny
url.domain=tiktok-platform-lb-alisg.byteoversea.net deny
url.domain=tiktokcdn-in.com deny
url.domain=tiktokcdn-us.com.atomile.com deny
url.domain=tiktokcdn.com.atomile.com deny
url.domain=tiktokcdn.com.c.bytetcdn.com deny
url.domain=tiktokcdn.com.c.worldfcdn.com deny
url.domain=tiktokcdn.com.rocket-cdn.com deny
url.domain=tiktokv.com.c.worldfcdn.com deny
url.domain=tiktokv.com.c.worldfcdn2.com deny
url.domain=ttlivecdn.com.c.worldfcdn.com deny
url.domain=ttoversea.net deny
url.domain=p77-sign-va.tiktokcdn.com deny
url.domain=s20.tiktokcdn.com deny
url.domain=v16m.tiktokcdn.com deny
url.domain=v77.tiktokcdn.com deny
url.domain=lf16-tiktok-common.ibytedtos.com deny
url.domain=torproject.org deny
url.domain=totaaldomein.nl deny
url.domain=transferbigfiles.com deny
url.domain=transfernow.net deny
url.domain=transferxl.com deny
url.domain=transfertpro.com deny
url.domain=tumblr.com deny
url.domain=turbovpn.com deny
url.domain=tutanota.com deny
url.domain=tutamail.com deny
url.domain=tuta.io deny
url.domain=ufile.io deny
url.domain=browsec.com deny
url.domain=vpnunlimitedapp.com deny
url.domain=volkerwesselstransfer.nl deny
url.domain=vyprvpn.com deny
url.domain=wasabi.com deny
url.domain=wasabisys.com deny
url.domain=wechat.com deny
url.domain=wetransfer.com deny
url.domain=we.tl deny
url.domain=xing.com deny
url.domain=xing-share.com deny
url.domain=mail.yahoo.com deny
url.domain=ymail.com deny
url.domain=yahoomail.com deny
url.domain=mail.yahoo.co.jp deny
url.domain=disk.yandex.ru deny
url.domain=disk.yandex.com deny
url.domain=yadi.sk deny
url.domain=yandex.ru/chat deny
url.domain=dzen.ru deny
url.domain=yandex.ru deny
url.domain=yandex.net deny
url.domain=ya.ru deny
url.domain=yastatic.net deny
url.domain=my.cl.ly deny
url.domain=getcloudapp.com deny
url.domain=zight.com deny
url.domain=remotedesktop.google.com deny
url.domain=dpaste.com deny
url.domain=dpaste.org deny
url.domain=dpaste.de deny
url.domain=my-app.net deny
url.domain=owncloud.com deny
url.domain=owncloud.org deny
url.domain=cloud.itl.waw.pl deny
url.domain=pcloud.com deny
