access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host 2file.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host 4chan.org
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host ac-data.info
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host airvpn.org
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host atlasvpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host labs.binance.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host bittorrent.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host clearvpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host dacloud.me
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host droidvpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host ex.ua
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host expressvpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host extratorrent.cc
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host gigafile.nu
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host hastebin.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host hola.org
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host kat.cr
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host kickass.to
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host kickasstorrents.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host limetorrents.cc
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host millenvpn.jp
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host mullvad.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host openvpn.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host protonvpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host billing.purevpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host queentorrent.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host sogou.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host strongvpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host thepiratebay.org
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host thepiratebay.se
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torproject.org
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torguard.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentdownloads.me
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrent4all.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentfunk.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentking.eu
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentprivacy.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentproject.se
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentwarrior.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrents.me
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentz.in
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentz.me
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentz.ch
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentz.eu
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentz.cl
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentz.to
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentz2.eu
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrentzeu.to
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host transfertpro.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host treetorrent.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host turbovpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host tusfiles.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host tusfiles.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host upload.ee
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host utorrent.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host vpnunlimitedapp.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host vyprvpn.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host wesendit.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host wesendit.io
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host wesendit.info
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host webtorrent.io
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host worldwidetorrents.eu
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host yourbittorrent.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host zamunda.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host crackmypdf.com
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host ontorrent.net
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host qbittorrent.org
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host skytorrents.in
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrent.cd
access-list %ACL_IN_Name extended deny tcp any host torrenthound.cc
